America Just Tragically Lost A Country Music Icon, Please Pray For Jean Shepard’s Family

We are absolutely heartbroken to hear about the death of someone that was so special to everyone in country music.

She always had a smile on her face and she lit up any room that she walked into. Jean Shepard was 82 years old and after only a couple of days in hospice care we had to say our goodbyes.

Jean Shepard was a Grand Ole Opry member and she wasn’t just any member. Shepard was known as the “Grand Lady”. In 1955 she was inducted and in 2015 she was the only female that had ever been a member of the Opry for 60 years – which is how she earned the name.

The Grand Lady was also inducted into the Country Music Hall of Fame a couple of years ago in 2011. She was passionate about country music, and loved what it stood for.

Of course, like many older stars she felt like country music just isn’t the same as what it used to be. In one of her final interviews with Women Of Country at the Grand Ole Opry she told all.

“Sixty years ago, I loved what the Grand Ole Opry stood for,…I still love what it stands for, but not quite so much. Isn’t it terrible being so truthful?”

The Grand Lady passed away from complications due to Parkinson’s disease on September 25, 2016. Jean’s publicist shared about her life in a press release and we are heartbroken.

“Jean was born Ollie Imogene Shepard in Oklahoma and raised one of ten children in Visalia, California. At age 14 she was spotted by country star Hank Thompson singing and playing bass in the all-girl band she’d formed called the Melody Ranch Girls. Thompson brought her to the attention of Capitol Records and soon the trailblazing Shepard was setting the precedent in country music for a young woman recording and touring on her own rather than as a member of a family act, a duo, or a band’s ‘girl singer.'”

There is truly no one like Jean, and there never will be another Grand Lady. She was survived by her husband and her 3 sons.

Please continue to pray for this family during their time of loss.

RIP JEAN SHEPARD