Obama Claims It Will Be A Personal Insult If You Don’t Vote For Hillary [VIDEO]

Obama Claims It Will Be A Personal Insult If You Don’t Vote For Hillary [VIDEO]

This past Saturday night our Divider-in-Chief was at it again. This time he lectured the attendees at the 46th Annual Legislative Conference Phoenix Awards Dinner of the Congressional Black Caucus. What did he lecture them about? Hillary. Yep, he told them that he would be personally insulted if they didn’t vote for Hillary.

Here’s what he said:

“My name may not be on the ballot but our progress is on the ballot. Tolerance is on the ballot. Democracy is on the ballot. Justice is on the ballot. Good schools are on the ballot. Ending mass incarceration, that’s on the ballot right now. And there is one candidate who will advance those things. And there is another candidate whose defining principle, the central theme of hos candidacy is opposition to all that we have done. There’s no such thing as a vote that doesn’t matter. It all matters, and after we have achieved historic turnout in 2008 and 2012, especially in the African-American community, I will consider it a personal insult, an insult to my legacy, if this community lets down its guard and fails to activate itself in this election. You want to give me a good sendoff? Go vote!”

× 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know by Sir John Hawkins John Hawkins's book 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know is filled with lessons that newly minted adults need in order to get the most out of life. Gleaned from a lifetime of trial, error, and writing it down, Hawkins provides advice everyone can benefit from in short, digestible chapters. Buy Now

We definitely want to give you a sendoff Mr. President. And it can’t be soon enough. But this business of being personally insulted if someone does not vote the way you tell them, is arrogant, not to mention juvenile. Get over it. If not voting for Hillary is an insult to you, then consider yourself insulted, because there are many Americans of every color who will not be voting for Hillary. And your legacy? You’ve done a fine job of insulting your own legacy with all the disastrous decisions and programs you’ve implemented. No one needs to help you insult your legacy, it’s a mess.

The Democrat way is to shame people into voting the way they want them to. But the people in that room deserve the respect of not being lectured about who they MUST vote for. So save the preaching for those who want to hear it. Your legacy is one of causing division and Hillary will pick up where you left off, if she is elected. And that can’t be fixed. Trump 2016.