TRUTH COMES OUT! Keith Lamont Scott's Did This To His Wife Last Year and She Said "He is a Killer" ⋆ Freedom Daily

2.1k SHARES Facebook Twitter

For the past week rioters have been wrecking havok all across Charlotte. The riots are in response to the police shooting of Keith Lamont Scott, which has been cited as just the latest example of an unarmed black man killed by racist police brutality. Scott’s wife, who filmed the shooting, told police that he wasn’t armed and was only carrying a book.

As usual, the shooting happened under circumstances much more murky than those citing this as an unjustified act of police violence would like to admit. There was in fact a gun recovered at the scene, and there was a holster on Scott’s leg spotted in the police dash-cam footage. Those citing this as yet another “proof” that police are racist should know that the officer who shot Scott was black himself, so race was not a motivating factor in the shooting.

As it turns out, Scott has a history of violence, and there’s no reason to think he wouldn’t have used his firearm if he had the chance. As Bearing Arms reported:

Rakeyia Scott’s cry to CMPD officers that her husband, Keith Lamont Scott, did not own a gun—even as he brandished a gun in front of them—now appears to be a calculated lie, according to Rakeyia Scott. On Oct. 5, a Gaston County District Court judge granted his wife a temporary restraining order. The court order told Scott not to go near his wife, three of their children and the children’s schools. He was not allowed near their Gastonia apartment they’d called home since April 2014, according to court documents. He was told to turn over a black 9mm handgun he owned illegally. Eleven days later, Rakeyia Scott voluntarily dismissed the order against her husband, writing, “He is no longer a threat to me and my family.” But three days before she got the order, Keith Scott had kicked her, punched their 8-year-old in the head three times and threatened to kill her with the gun, she had written. “He said he is a ‘killer’ and we should know that,” she wrote. She said the man she’d been married to since she was 18 did not have a gun permit and was a felon, having been incarcerated from April 2004 to April 2011. She checked a box saying her husband had threatened her with the gun before.

The Scott family is now trying to claim that the head injuries suffered by Scott left him a changed man, and yet, he was still an armed felon, brandishing a gun, if not threatening with her at this time. Yeah – OK.

Scott’s wife told officers he didn’t own a firearm during the altercation, which was clearly a lie, and one that could’ve gotten them killed. While rioters destroy Charlotte, they’re doing so over a man who could’ve killed those officers, and had a wife that he himself once threatened would’ve been an accomplice to their murders.