Clint Eastwood Had Enough, Blows Up On Hillary And Obama… Liberals

Clint Eastwood appears again! This time to show his support for Republican nominee Donald Trump and to speak out against Hillary Clinton.
7.6k SHARES Facebook Twitter

Hollywood legend Clint Eastwood endorsed Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump while also expressing his lack of excitement for Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton. He is after all a well known Hollywood conservative which is hard to come by.

The actor said Donald Trump is,

“on to something because secretly everybody’s getting tired of political correctness, kissing up. That’s the kiss-ass generation we’re in right now. We’re really in a p***y generation. Everybody’s walking on eggshells. We see people accusing people of being racist and all kinds of stuff.”

He went on,

“When I grew up, those things weren’t called racist,” he continued. “And then when I did ‘Gran Torino’ even my associate said, ‘This is a really good script, but it’s politically incorrect.’ And I said, ‘Good. Let me read it tonight.’ The next morning, I came in and I threw it on his desk and I said, ‘We’re starting this immediately.’”

Well tell us how you really feel Clint! It appears that perhaps, if even in the least bit, that Clint Eastwood and Donald Trump have something in common. They certainly have no filter. Eastwood did say in his statement that he believes Donald Trump occasionally steps out of line. Specifically Trump’s comments about a Mexican judge being unfit to do his job because Trump made derogatory comments about Mexican’s and he felt the judge would be prejudiced as a result. But he brushes it off as saying that Trump is simply stating what is on his mind.

The icon himself gave some advice for the future that he thinks could potentially make a difference,

“I’d say get to work and start being more understanding of everybody—instead of calling everybody names, start being more understanding. But get in there and get it done. Kick ass and take names. And this may be my dad talking, but don’t spend what you don’t have. That’s why we’re in the position we are in right now. That’s why people are saying, ‘Why should I work? I’ll get something for nothing, maybe.’”

He has made headlines over some of his comments about the Republican nominee. When people called Donald Trump racist he proclaimed that people just needed to get over it already. He made sure to add a curse word in their for effect. One of his biggest criticisms of Hillary Clinton is her willingness to remain in the status quo which he detests. Which honestly is not entirely inaccurate.

Eastwood’s political sentiments are contrasted by the majority of Hollywood. Hollywood is known for being made up predominantly of progressive liberals. You cannot find an actor who is unwilling to use their status, power, fame and money to advance their liberal agenda and causes. Eastwood is one of the few A list celebrities who is conservative. Most others are barely known and don’t do tell well after expressing their conservative sentiments. Just look at Mel Gibson and Stacey Dash.

It is always nice to hear an A lister speak their conservative opinions. Because they are one of the Hollywood elite. Thus, they cannot be scoffed at as easily and dismissed. Certainly not the man, the myth, the legend, Clint Eastwood.