BREAKING: Hollywood Legend Just Died Of Terrible Disease

Hollywood loses yet another one of their dearest actresses, and we are heartbroken.

She was born in Chicago Illinois on December 27, 1942 and loved by anyone and everyone who came in contact with her. Many of you probably remember the legendary actress as Liesl Von Trapp from “The Sound of Music.” Charmian Carr definitely left an imprint on Hollywood, and she will never be forgotten.

TMZ reported the death of the 73-year-old on Sunday September 18, 2016. Carr’s rep stated that she died from complications from dementia. Apparently she was battling a rare form of the disease.

Carr’s story was a very unique one, which makes her acting journey so special. At the time that she auditioned for “The Sound of Music” she was a student at the San Fernando Valley State College. She was studying speech therapy and philosophy, and was also working for a doctor.

“I was going to college and getting extra spending money by modeling in fashion shows in one of the stores. One of the girls who modeled with me knew that Robert Wise, producer-director of The Sound of Music had been conducting a four-month search for someone to play the part of 16-year-old Liesl. My friend, without my knowing it, sent in my picture and explained in a note that I sang and danced. I received a call from Mr. Wise to come for a tryout. It took me completely by surprise…”

After completing “The Sound of Music” and several other acting parts, Carr left her career in acting and pursued another life-long dream of hers. Charmian started her own interior design business “Charmian Carr Designs” and surprisingly it took off a lot easier than she expected – especially after being hired by Michael Jackson.

Carr married Jay Brent who was a dentist in 1967 and 24 years later the couple got a divorce. They had two beautiful daughters together. She is survived by all of her siblings, her daughters and her grandchildren.

She brought joy to everyone around her and even still today she is known and loved by those who watch her shows. Her smile lit up every room she walked into and her positive personality was contagious. Please continue to keep this family in your prayers as they mourn the loss of their loved one.

I can’t help but watch this over and over and think that there will never be anyone who could replace this woman!

RIP CHARMIAN CARR.